Get rid of allow + -ing (#5045)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TreeList/40 Filtering and Searching/5 Standalone Filter Builder.md

> The TreeList UI component has an integrated filter builder that can be invoked using the [filter panel](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/TreeList/40%20Filtering%20and%20Searching/4%20Filter%20Panel%20with%20Filter%20Builder.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Filtering_and_Searching/#Filter_Panel_with_Filter_Builder'). You can also use the [FilterBuilder](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/FilterBuilder/010%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/FilterBuilder/Overview/') UI component as a standalone component. Pass an array of columns that should be filtered to the FilterBuilder's [fields](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxFilterBuilder/1%20Configuration/fields '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFilterBuilder/Configuration/#fields') property. Each item in this array should at least have the [dataField](/api-reference/_hidden/dxFilterBuilderField/dataField.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFilterBuilder/Configuration/fields/#dataField'). The following code allows to use TreeList columns in the FilterBuilder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TreeList UI component has an integrated filter builder that can be invoked using the [filter panel](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/TreeList/40%20Filtering%20and%20Searching/4%20Filter%20Panel%20with%20Filter%20Builder.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Filtering_and_Searching/#Filter_Panel_with_Filter_Builder'). You can also use the [FilterBuilder](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/FilterBuilder/010%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/FilterBuilder/Overview/') UI component as a standalone component. Pass an array of columns that should be filtered to the FilterBuilder's [fields](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxFilterBuilder/1%20Configuration/fields '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFilterBuilder/Configuration/#fields') property. Each item in this array should at least specify a [dataField](/api-reference/_hidden/dxFilterBuilderField/dataField.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFilterBuilder/Configuration/fields/#dataField'). The following code passes TreeList columns to the FilterBuilder:
```
